FEAT: VAA Event Stand Planning (#1810)
VATSIM-UK/uk-controller-api: docs/guides/StandAllocation.md

### CID Reserved

This rule matches flights for a specific member CID, regardless of the arrival airfield. It is only used in organised events
where stand reservations are necessary.

> Callsign-based reservation matching is not used.

Reviewer: `app/Allocator/Stand/CallsignFlightplanReservedArrivalStandAllocator.php` still exists and it should. We aren't changing how the overall stand allocation of the UKCP works in this PR. Simply adding the ability for VAA's to reserve stands.

If the "common rules" reject all possible stands, then the next specific rule is invoked and we start over. Otherwise,
we've found a match, and that stand is assigned!

## Event Stand Reservation Plan format

> When submitting an event stand plan (via API or Filament), send a JSON object with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When submitting an event stand plan via the API or the UKCP website, send a JSON object with:
```
